very good everyone here of clubs
welcome to a new video of the best
soccer of andigital
welcome to play and away series that already
you know talked about the games the
players that touch me and tried to win
and then draw in the four best
in case they do not reach 20
thousand coins I would exhort we would 20 thousand
coins and you already know to participate to
travel from our like and herbet though
I will post this video once
twitter also say that if this video
arrives in less than a day to 3,000 likes
would draw a hundred thousand coins instead of
twenty thousand if you reach five thousand likes
in less than a day I would think about it
it is also to raise the prize quite a lot
good if we go for the first
men let's see what we have to play
in this episode and come on over there
first about griezmann on the cover
we'll see
good
well at least we have already started
a goalkeeper and a defender let's see if
we made the following positions
we must forward for now we have a
player in each position we will see if the
goalie
in the initial eleven that fill good
part of that you also told me that what
made with the saying that reach 14
also the bench and that I'm going to do
so let's go over there let's see and
Griezmann who brings us Griezmann come
tomorrow year
holy 75 of good coming
there are four posts that will fill the
dock
the three players 3
Roberto Zapata and now there is only one
egg to fill let's go there let's see
what brings us the water
this is the team that we have played
Now all that's left is to put it together, good gentlemen
we already have the equipment assembled and the truth
is that well, we do not have the only thing
that we have is the left side thing
that is not bad
we have front moussa that the
truth is that speed will not come
wrong after half
I also see nothing wrong team
83 very well and it's very good we do not have
yellow and I also love how
defense is great
He did not do anything wrong and
when Jesus is also a great
defense so
but I have put a defense of those who
let's say there was more rhythm that is the
sir, and let's go, let's go
to the game and try to win the
clear
fernandinho team
and well let's try to win it with that
cavani that is very dangerous
We're playing the cup finalist
Y
We're going to
in 30
it's not huge
I was taking away from God if the
news in the 37th minute
in this a male
eye
Oh my God
now he has muse
we go in three rooms design the room
of match
this team in the quarterfinals we're going
it does not matter the truth
one
all right
today they pass it through finger
the games were friends
you already have
the little hand 51 minutes 68 years that's
we are going to
7 lc 6
more than I have done
good we went to semifinals
if it does not end up going away from the game if only
I have endured pretty good obviously
in players
two shots on goal
you pass more the pass but they already have four
he has already scored four goals saying that
the party actor is cardona
well the match has been very good since
you know if we get to the 3000 likes
100,000 will be raffled off if
we reached 5000 a more succulent prize
you already know to participate in the raffle
leave your like
this afternoon you will have live and tomorrow
a single video at 12 in the morning with
one and comes super mega fantastic are
of playdom asteroid or sun but that is not
you miss a greeting to everyone and even